Applications: nrf5340_audio: Remove bt ll acs nrf53 (#14737)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF5340 Audio
-------------

* Updated:

>   * The BT_LL_ACS_NRF53 controller has been removed.
>     The only supported controller for LE Audio is :ref:`ug_ble_controller_softdevice`.
>     This enables use of standard tools for building, configuring and DFU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed the LE Audio controller for nRF5340 library.
    The only supported controller for LE Audio is :ref:`ug_ble_controller_softdevice`.
    This enables use of standard tools for building, configuring, and DFU.
```

Author: Done
